Abstraction;
- is a process of hiding the implementation details and showing only functionality(method header) to the user.
- For example sending sms, you just type the text and send the message.
- You don't know the internal processing about the message delivery.
- Abstraction is the process of separating ideas from their action.

Abstract methods ( header without the body) -
- to enforce  child classes to use it
- if you want to avoid using abstract method in a child class, we should make this class also abstract

wny should we USe Adstraction?
   1) We can make sure that everybody is on the same page.
      Syntax
   2) We can focus only on those parts which we are supposed to do and let others worry about the rest.
Interview Question:
   Can we create the object of the abstract class?
          No, because these classes are not complete since they have unimplemented methods.
   Can we have instance variables in the abstract class?
          Yes. Why Instance variable is needed in the abstract class?
          Children can inherit the instance variable and use within their classes.
   Can we use final keyword with abstract method?
          Because "abstract" and "final" keywords are completely opposite and
          contradict each other we cannot use them together.
   Can I make abstract and final together?
          If we make a class final no other class can inherit from that class.
          So it is impossible to make the class both final and abstract.
   Can I make abstract method private?
          No, Because if teh class is private we cannot access it and cannot override it.
          Abstract class is supposed to be overridden.
   Can I make abstract method protected?
          Yes, because child classes can still access it.
          Default and public access modifiers are permitted too.
   Can I have static methods in abstract class?
          Yes, because we can call these methods directly
   Can we have static and abstract together for a method?
          No, we can't override a method and will not be able to make it static and abstract.