What is Method Overloading?:
               1.  Method Overloading is a concept in Object Oriented Programming
                   where multiple methods can have the same name but different parameters.
               2.  This allows us to use the same method name for different behaviors depending
                   on the types or numbers of parameters passed to it.

    Why should we use Method Overloading?:
               1.  Method overloading provides flexibility and improves code readability.
               2.  It allows you to use a single method name for related functionalities,
                   making the code easier to understand and maintain.
               3.  Overloading also enables polymorphism, allowing you to perform different actions
                   based on the context without needing different method names.
         Rules:
                  1.  We can only overload by changing parameters.
                  2.  Changing the access modifiers or the return types or the static keyword or final keyword is not going to play any role in overloading.
                  3.  We can change the parameters in three ways.
                      By changing the number of parameters.
                      By changing the data types of the parameters.
                      By Changing the sequence of parameters.

         Rules chatGPT:
                  1.  Methods must have the same name.
                  2.  Methods must differ either in the number of parameters or in the types of parameters.
                  3.  Return type alone is not sufficient to differentiate overloaded methods.
                  4.  Methods can be overloaded within the same class or in a subclass.
                  5.  Overloaded methods can have different access modifiers.
                  6.  Overloaded methods can throw different checked or unchecked exceptions.
                  7.  Overloading can occur in both static and non-static methods.

What is Method Overriding:
               1.  Method overriding is a concept in object-oriented programming where a subclass provides
                   a specific implementation of a method that is already defined in its superclass.
               2.  This allows the subclass to provide its own behavior for the method while maintaining the same method signature as the superclass.
               3.  Overriding enables polymorphism, where a reference variable of a superclass type can refer to a subclass object and invoke the
                   overridden method, executing the subclass's implementation.

    Why should we Override Methods?:

               1.  Method Overriding allows subclasses to provide their own implementation of methods defined int their Superclass.
               2.  This is useful for Polymorphism

         Rules:    1) The header of the method that we are overriding should be same as the header of the method in the parent class.
                   2) We can't override the static methods.
                   3) private methods can't be overridden.
                   4) Constructors can't be overridden.

        Rules ChatGPT:
                 1.	The method in the subclass must have the same name, parameters, and return type as the method in the superclass.
                 2.	The method in the subclass must have the same or wider accessibility (i.e., equal or broader access modifier) as the method in the superclass.
                 3.	Methods declared as final or static in the superclass cannot be overridden.
                 4.	Constructors and private methods cannot be overridden as they are not inherited.
                 5.	The method in the subclass must not throw checked exceptions that are broader than the ones thrown by the method in the superclass.
                   	However, the subclass method can throw narrower or unchecked exceptions.
                 6.	The method in the subclass can invoke the superclass’s version of the method using the super keyword.
                 7.	The @Override annotation can be used to indicate that a method is intended to override a method in the superclass.
                   	While not strictly necessary, it helps catch errors at compile-time if the method signature does not match any method in the superclass.

Polymorphism:
              1.  It allows us to write dynamic code. Same method when called using a different object behaves differently.
              2.  Polymorphism allows objects of different types to be treated as objects of a common superclass or interface, promoting code flexibility and re-usability.

    Why should we use PolyMorphism:
          ChatGPT:
              1. Polymorphism promotes code flexibility, re-usability, and extensibility by allowing objects of different types to be treated uniformly through a common interface.
              2. It simplifies code maintenance and promotes modular design, as changes to one part of the codebase can be applied uniformly across related classes.
              3. Polymorphism also facilitates the implementation of design patterns and promotes a cleaner, more maintainable code structure.
          Class
              1. It helps us avoid code repetition if we are performing the same operation in a different way we do not need to copy/paste
                 the entire code we can use PolyMorphism.
       Rules:
              1. We must have a common parent either a class or an interface.
              2. Polymorphism is not possible, without overriding methods.

"final" keyword:
              There are 3 uses of this keyword:
                     1.  When used with a var once the value to the var is assigned, it can't be changed.
                     2.  When used with a method, no child class will be able to override this method
                     3.  When used with a class no other class will be able to inherit from that class.

Abstraction:
              1. Abstraction allows simplifying coding.
              2. We can use Abstraction to focus only on the functionality instead of the implementation.

    Why use Abstraction?:
              1. It helps us write modular code and help us keep everyone on the same page.
         Rules:
              1. We can't have body with abstract method
              2. "final" keyword can't be used with abstract methods
              3. private keyword can't be used with abstract methods
              4. static keyword is not allowed as we can't override static methods
              5. We can't create an object of Abstract class

Interfaces:
              1. They are very similar to abstract classes but can only have public, static, final vars
                 and all the methods by default are abstract.
         Rules:
              1. We cannot have instance vars.
              2. We cannot  have constructors.
              3. We cannot create object of interface
              4. We cannot have instance methods.

    How to know when to use Abstract or Interface?:

              1. Interface - when we don't want inheritance
Encapsulation:
         1. The meaning of Encapsulation, is to make sure that "sensitive" data is hidden from users.
            To achieve this, you must:
                          1. declare class variables/attributes as private
                          2. provide public get and set methods to access and update the
                             value of a private variable

     GET and SET:
               1. Private variables can only be accessed within the same class (an outside class has no access to it).
                  However, it is possible to access them if we provide public get and set methods.
               2. The get method returns the variable value, and the set method sets the value.
               3. Syntax for both is that they start with either get or set,
                  followed by the name of the variable, with the first letter in upper case
               4. We use the getName() and setName() methods to access and update the variable:
                   Example:

                   public class Main {
                     public static void main(String[] args) {
                       Person myObj = new Person();
                       myObj.setName("John"); // Set the value of the name variable to "John"
                       System.out.println(myObj.getName());
                     }
                   }


   Why Encapsulation?
         1. Increased security of data
         2. Better control of class attributes and methods
         3. Class attributes can be made read-only (if you only use the get method),
            or write-only (if you only use the set method)
         4. Flexible: the programmer can change one part of the code without affecting other parts
   Rules:
         1. Declaring all the variables in the class as private and writing public methods
            in the class to set and get the values of variables.
         2. It is more defined with the setter and getter method.

   Upside:
         1. Data Hiding.  it is a way of restricting the access of our data members by hiding the implementation details.
         2. Increased Flexibility: We can make the variables of the class read-only or write-only depending on our requirements.
         3. Re-usability: Encapsulation also improves the re-usability and is easy to change with new requirements.
         4. Testing code is easy: Encapsulated code is easy to test for unit testing.
         5. Freedom to programmer in implementing the details of the system: This is one of the major advantage of encapsulation
            that it gives the programmer freedom in implementing the details of a system.
            The only constraint on the programmer is to maintain the abstract interface that outsiders see.
   Downside:
         1. Can lead to increased complexity, especially if not used properly.
         2. Can make it more difficult to understand how the system works.
         3. May limit the flexibility of the implementation.




